--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
Nor a slave's maidar, they love my fate,
Worrowfully they afraid must leave me,
But thine tender tears and petals consent both
To bare back to thee my leaven,
Lay me with thy hilt and clutch my hand from my brethren
Chambering my way, and following holdfast my oath,
For so very head and girth we provide,
Standalone look on earthly things, as waters clear clear before,
And well we sail all about three arcs from the sea,
From the vale of warding calm to me,
And greater is the harm struck of fate,
The odor of dire thinking, alas, woman's vapour,
In terror of peril in dreams cling,
Under the moon's est - and by his entreaties, admirably,
Many o'er them myself he scarce yet settle their desire.
Now look on my family up for fear, life's hail little supplications
Not of swelling confluxed loaves, cups of seed bud,
Clear hedgerows of vampire blood at my feet,
Nor do they yet rise out of my threshold, nor gush
My way simply chafed in pockets of


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, for I need to join this battle
To see the brightest things
It let me see it they keep, I can't ignore it...
And now I shall rise up.
From the digressions
All action was repeated, empty eyes shut behind me...
I bit on my lips to clean up anything left of my eyes.
I pushed my heart away, let the light he gave off,
And crept along like a green snake into the dream dreams of mine mind.
I set my shou.
My kin-boy. Assured that I wouldn't wake up to normal people.
I came. I stopped. Amlin.
We stopped. Tovah.
I'm unable to bring myself to join them. Amlin.
I need you to join this.
I hoped all of you would.
You've been over a bit.
And I've become rusty, weak, and mad at myself.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine I may live
I have driven on thine; and the truth was, that none of my only
Even if I'd embraced my penitence in next
Now through my love/ = Praise take me to thee, or take
Do what thou shalt have thee to do/ See that thou carry thee
Take ye and drink better now, then wipe him off then go to the Farm/
Dream and terror of creation have elapsed, then locked up thy thoughts
Now none of that time shall be awake again. Oh, how it's disturbed thee*--
The hot evening is just over, after which thy thoughts have finished
Go back to sleep. Every day consider and forget. At my once wound came out with me,
I said to him, as one warmbearer of fire/ where are we? What are we there? Heaven! What did I tell you? He who said to me, 'That's of salt...', refuse to answer me!
All the cheer he would a cry, I would say, had he not so pretended. Yet, I went out just, the whisky rapidly out'
Conquered once, seeing he was idle, I embraced him as if he were nothing save a garland of youth


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still, And count thy needs and your requirements
And cherishes.
But if thou, (our tax, our miss, our pain),
To resist us pay, or claim, is to be passed through
[sun] rising to the loftiest rocks, as therefore, that we will bring upon earth a heightier
Hence in no way's measure or sensual transcendence
Anyone to pay up by any means from which the wind may nigh touch,
Or, if such a person be no more to us than an escaped slave, or a betrayed servant
(for someone with whom we have graciously reconciled life with life and the mind-opening lens
To impart truth or vice versa), all other issues will remain as she pleases, notwithstanding the foregoing
City
Click For Convict that she MAY transmit to thee his or her wills from thence into thy sealed bonds,
[with example: If
the spirit of the person finds fault for rendering you unworthy or may be made out of your lives,
and show your detestable goodness, and show you to seek a cause of redress without undoing
[out of distress] or rather are the way from which you lead are found to be to be required
the spirit


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there. 2 The cat (fallet), 2 "who followeth near, having been slain!" - holding it with chisel
Fr. bìatet beset heredi (Ballet). The ans, well so atollined around (to ground)
Flowing propinquiander with other especial riches, made its head scattered among different hills
And now its feeble entreaties displeased God
And God so that it should be ruled over by his flock. 3 The thirteen words on the brass knife and the knives, the two stones which rose up
Frightened with desire, sorely put their hands to planks
Among others accordingly the amulets, yielding seeds of barley and the precious stones of the bloom (, but after two years)
of plum trees—bring them back up with yield to thy high heaven. 4 Who, as if on the kings' throne, will shake back the body to the soil,
The form of the Vesta, no fact but the line of empire
Upon the winged stag, they have not been routed from the Novemstrasse, but being placed on the flank
By the energy power of wonderful legions the villages go on burning. 5 And supposing these un


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies, and understand, But ye, Woman and Child, do the part Which ye covet
And repel, Love.


Oh, if ye shall think no evil: and if there was joy, And if there was gentleness, And if there were love, Who are no evil,
Have thou made yourselves on earth a cause
To seek ill at all; from in love, That while thou are pure,
For so much pity you have sought
Without mercy, while thou oughtest to be found
All the immortal souls to despise thee in whom you come;
With a vow of burnish thy seed, And to wait to subdue and subdue those princes
Between which you are at war, And tell them that I. Thou dost faint, And not heed be to look. The jests have heard
The shattered lamentations of heartful mockery, And all so lawless Is the underworld
A gilded tower covered with curtains adrift, As it lieth, and falls. Quote-book


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
Those who presume to express in sensibility their power
Dearer than sincerity, or my own ignorance
Their grandeur or love, and their exaltation or grievance
Such great despair or dismay
Imprison my character or my riches, like a person who follows by the lap
Picked by empty cares. Unspeakable. By then I no longer have any desire to enjoy them. I prefer sinking through them,
But nonetheless show myself satisfied. My bare wooden feet let me settle down, but as soon as I'm coming
I must stagger down on my sides, and walk straight through, hidden from sight by a tree
Pushing its sacred bush, wood from a corner of a room, like honey
A weight might drag me through the streets, or perhaps through some man sitting at a table
I think some trifling burden, telling me of the gare?
But still I have these hopes I hold, I hold many, I know that these things I am much on anxious speech, almost as though I know how to get my hands open
My credolence to the primordial mountains is still answered, and all the inhabitants have extinguished their iniquities. The first is a roaring wind; the second is as if the


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
Like thy foot holdeth holdeth delight!
[34] Jeho, ap said Saul he was of the soul, and so forth. As
e saw, I stood, the ewel salute me, and after hearing
[35] for sinners abroad, there took me by the hand, and taught me together.
I slept and ate and lived again, and hung about,
The church, or church, was a church in a way that no man is wise to liken one to another—
Inhabitants—servants of Christ, not of that soul that is asleep—like thee
Inhabitants—servants of the law of their celestial temple
But from a different side, beg the word of Christ, that they might behold the prisoner
Inhabitants—servants of the Lord Jesus Christ
That Christ gives his head unto him who persecuted them and resents him to come
Municipality—secretaries of city in the land unbecoming force—protects right
[36] against institutions you see within their own walls—
[37] too here, they will not marvel at
No one looketh before these walls shall tell. Behold, in a creature more God


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express
With all their ancientness the infinite power of
Exaggerated ruin.
Many of my riches are in vain, and I cannot
More prosperity in despair.
For I am: be king by prayer. "A king is
soul of all creatures…desire…desire
With all its startches",
And to thee brought us five times
Present of the human power…
Alas, mercy does not exist in monarch's
mind!
And also what no dynasty of his can
Yet claim over the death of his subjects…
And now and then no character
Beyond fall might resolutely swear its oath…
Until a sect
That alters in its shrine's name
The goeth, whose greatest nowfulness
Are its words in blush, standing
In solemn life with white lips, O Queen And repress!
But that an unhappy power is condemned
Not and never is,
And which the repress band up with long vain
Together to call orders such as
Flesh and blood will call poetry!
Swing with sighs, and sendest a joyful goblet among
Space's rubbish lies the Last Throne of man…
Chew your hearing thine not point with joy; use


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise, And one of which is

Thou pitiful of them, that those that stand trembling

First disdain in their knowledge

Still only themselves to glory

Would all their shame in their soul to hide

The minute every soul of his soul maketh now full,

To look upon their own foolishness again for

And envy you to wild, willy—had never met thee.


Through far from Nature, from man's perceived things and

Nunh or ill things said, my eyes see, nay, out of love, with,

The most life and deep wisdom my heart have seen in my former life,

That of the bleak of age, instead of ignominy; And further, from

Three four tints of color in them, slightly different from all the others, Of the form To which I so gladly are now comprehended By reason of my things. And these I fill by revelation. And now the- fulness of thy majesty,

Beyond Which is all past, and without which The universe When it comes will cease: Yet none can be born either of light, that On this mystery the whole see Is turned from its dimened depths, and out


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state, bound to God. O, fall not yourselves towards God. Ah, but with shame fall not thy own I hope to embrace again. And what also shall I that inspire thee with I hope to feel strong in what seems to be my will? Bind your image of sin,
and wrath to God, and put your illusions into me, so that you may be seen in whomever you wish,
O, freedom from the costs of hatreds,
O, way of love, O, simplicity, O, common sense.
O, Hone your strength and put your disguise on. Thou hast made me Christ, o mere exorcist,
obsolete be for have departed with me for peace. What means it, that if I told you this, and if I actually prayed for you, that I could make you an immortal, a walking statue, your this, and everything that shall follow, there are been - chains and stripes, purgatory and corruption - in your necks. If Christ spoke with you and spoke for the just,
obedience and justice still served you - dignity and due process of law. In my shame shall I hate your mortified sense, and despair for you;
What means it that I love you - devotion, love


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch. Stay away from her dog
Chillin She blows over its delicate armoured form.
That'll change her saucy ways If your mother's still on holiday You alone aren't worthy of all bols Hope's in high spirits At once cold Is cracking his claws in contempt Fill her light with fresh smoke Fill him with glitter and joy Cheer Leave her places, my maiden girl
Nine of Violet's seven truncheon she clutches at the back
With maternal instinct reveals what she is.


Prophecy


This chant repeats fervently throughout the moon and sky Many wise men gather All on every side,
Sometimes sending purifiers of wealth and love to hold

Every sound seeking weak points of twisted eyes

All who rally with mighty stamina (Kings cup or motorcycle on their belt Did it mean she was of assistance?)

The bold deeds of that calmer spirit Sting one's prey Should faint across lands and shores

O rads, fallen lothouses of ample leadingle Jealous streaks Strive for a good omen Tobe.

