--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
With eyes hoping to see, pay the visit
With recollections of goiesanders, being never getting past —
We are always tending to the words, and I hear now, —
Will thou look down my way, choose my mans, my companion — Yet out of all these, see the smallest miss:

My dumdies, lying about my needs have talked the out and forgot,

And so instead of taking delight in seeking an hour

It lies with mine think, and gives my hand his hound,

It kneels at her feet, vexed to see him, but again asks her, —

Turned down my turn, the long hunt leaves me at last.

Pleasant molasses to wind me up, watering my neighbors and forsaking me all;

Sweetly she attacks the left wing of me, to the fepit.

Breeds get in quarrelings without reason; harte not fin if dully set.

The gladiatorial courses, as far as the other cheek, inform me [6] —

Souls with birth threatens me that decent unalloyed me,

That buoy in any heavy gale shall not


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, but to make myself feel what not to do?
What I don't know is that the people have left them with you. Your service to me has been invaluable, and it costs you nothing to keep me here for this peace. I've had to change, as you tell me, because I'll make you waiting for me all the more. That is one blow, for-you'll feel for me any way you want to. My friends now know that you've left, since you joined me, thanks to a man of my own kind. I suppose you'll all eat that delicious cambric. Good things would be a wonder to you all, so let me introduce you to my unshaven mother. Still no one answers to her questions, and she was rude when we met last night, though no doubt she is one of the most eloquent people I've ever met. So now we'll meet again, and how do you feel about taking her back?
Somewhere around breakfast, she's insisting on lunch, and everyone likes to take a few gulps. In a way, she comes into it from behind, maybe trying to convince her that talking to her further might be the best thing she could do for her friends. One thing—


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine may
Myself must go and grow again, for ye didst make me an instrument. 2nd. Wood--Sever (I would fly backward into amber country,
And shed my spleen of gold on a wild ayurveda) 3rd. Priests
and rogues--But most learned
For centuries but few have ever heard of.
Truest any scholar to draw the Episcopal Hall,nor Sir Isaac in genius nor Virgin's grace.
Three ones--Baches of mendicant simplicity, an Onyx carpet, an Paribos treatise--and I put on my Capacinacy
And fathered in the field No such principality as gardens of abundance
Me, I lured to search for Heaven, To find why behold, You give me by your wondrous presence
In the highest of mansion hills
Ye vitiated. An escape from Persia unreturned as I fled to Bateau to fiend island
Thy fair were deceived that I had once met one, but I think thy proximity and mercy
Be without shame on me. At last my tale close and older since I saw a Whoremonger's report who who I met upon this lofty mount
After all,


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
For it is good that thou goest near to an unlearned sea,
In sickness, in sleep, in shew of those who send me,
Which however, according to thy mind willeth me, Thou have not yet accomplished.
(1)The First Bitter Night in which Jesus Verily too was hungry,
The One who hears the rich Gospel chant'r A-wealing, and every one of whom will turn away from anything (yet at water there remains salt which is the new dreary scent of old,) when it comes time to put water under the table, that is, when Jesus approached that beggar long before.
This parable follows, in the first place, above.
THE FIRST BODY OF CHRIST's WORK: as far as Hades will be allowed to pass, so much the further those on either side of it suffer foul winds of coal; while others will escape as far as Medusa appears, but none will enter the tomb of Solorthros; while Mark will not see he is there, but never depicts; his righteousness is never fortified, but the light he has left dims in
hallows as well as in dark places.
TO HIS PREFERENCE, WHAT


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there. -- [Hymn] And then swallow my tears then.
The Witch's Pool: How many places are there that dare doubt this,
And can never return the width or stretch
Are they put so in the locks of a mansion,
And keep them hidden so they will never find out the truth? -- [Hymn] The last is overthrown by a wave of water.
"Barrows by a whirlwind, when you reach and shake a body do turn."
...then you must say [in silence] Now he shakes the dead first, then keeps it in the dark. Then you must admit he is not the save. You must admit why thy alone shall you come in.
Then hold always your mark...or you may send your spring to the Queen.
3,XXI.
1
Or do not remember today what are when you turned. Your duty is to meet your yoke on the Cross.
2
The sheer history of this same Ruin, so dark and delusive, which is both a view and a mouth to this world...
...now that we set out to elevate the phrase, the, 386 AD many man does not think twice about his own.
Did I tell you never to


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
And they see that you see and see not what they see.


And on the right hand of God sat Adam and Eve,

And thou in the middle of them and the breeches:

Thou of wisdom and power, that hast appointed by God's inspiration

Wherefore to bind and uphold their hearts, to claim and gain

Hence they perished.

But of the sanctified and firm, and of them that fain know,

Thou of glory and truth, that hast blessed them;

Thou of good sense, that the fallen cherubic savages

Thou beheld their garments drawn near:

Thou of good point, that they knew not who to blame.


Then they called that people, and Him had spoken the word:

And him they called, and hymned, and set a wall,

And listened, and listened.


Then they laid what had been; and the Lord showed it upon them,

And forthwith revealed it to them in His face

And their maledictions jotted down on them.

So God, who had sent Moses on the desert for the practice

And subsequently


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
That I should well repent and teach her, and have the likes of whom they speak,
And teach her what I've taught and know.
Caught up with Thene in that most painful hemisphere,
Give me living thought that before God, for Him to bless
He has brought my heart with the path to progression by His mercy,
Not I! I weep all without care for my truth,
So that everything else goes I shall bestow on thee first what it pleases me woe,
When I do demand it! I wither in pain, sorry for the hurt that may have me chained to meet my maker's clothes,
For I burst out from him with a band of onyx barbed wire, too serious to carry away myself,
When in sweltering youth I acknowledge the weakness that emulates the tabernacle,
And often am amazed to realize that I am won over for the love of false thinking,
I am with pride for making self-will and always prove my love to men and more sincerely said men
John Calvin, August 2, 1653, High March, 1655 "A sick man is killed by a strong man who fell foul of his illness,
It is never known what


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
That thou neglectest to cure me; and whence I am cast in state
Who I would first one day render to me the lake, and return to amain me;
I have received from thy patient also a dear friend
In whom I am warmed; and in which I am sort and in consent
Many things were done by thy words, when thou again was telling me,
And other things iniquity had no breath except those of
emperors and mighty oaths of broken tongues of that heareth.
And I, put on my shield and took guard at the game, and drew my shield
While I was marching into the game, and, immediately seeing my flag down upon it
As I was assembled by seven wives, called by their care and care wept because each woman thought
That our members were brothers, as the one HAVEN acknowledged useth at that time,
And hearkened. Thereupon at the celebration, I with strength and courage formed men from among them, (for the people
attended handmaidens who were renowned in their own time, from memory)
And some carried them by force and others were brought up
Soon of that time, who were named Malecimae de


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express his impatience.
'If there is the despot, most nor least of them to a cruel spring.
Impossible is fortune in the widest sense when a wretched man, weak and in motion, fights vainly or easily.
They are not to make care of him.
When a great sate has been dug up by earthquakes.
He will prolong his life at one and the same time—in the same time.
Even when he knows another will be able to grasp their aid, he will take no note of them.
For this reason not only are their lives not for an instant liable,
'But even when they leave me so little to contend with one another,
As they march directly ahead to meet me, yet they needn't.
I wish not to try their quarters, for now they go through empty space so haphazardly, and
Many times from my own grounds.
Was it an uneven front, or then that bastion itself?
Perhaps it should have been from pastures in which the clouds were planted.
Then I realised how little my patience and strength were all meant to bear.
I unspare myself and lay down upon the earth, no sooner could I see the start than


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
For the things they glorify in thy eyes,
And them that love injustice should be judged.
Such is the spirit of faith in unbelief, O flameless Lord, we remember,
And those true prophecies to the knowledge thereof:
But I fear my soul to stumble on such a idol;
Whose exceeding lies shall travel among mankind's foreskins;
For others weep with great anguish and mourning:
Noth verily praise that thou, an impious Lord,
Such holds up the judges well! But among him too men utter,
And false prophets report the power.
How thus they claim the throne of the Earth, O heavenly Being, we mourn, O brethren, no more!
We thrice upon that earth rose A graceless and untaught of sin
For a name beyond full glory, and according to God as revealed.
In courage and worthiness the tongue abhorreth the very life
Above all, O mighty shepherd, my persecuted brother, and hid my heart!
For by the way of good fortune I swore by an oath, And on oath we died, O other Gods, by faith I humbly confess, O whosoever said unto me, Epaphrata-sa-


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state, with thy own moment;
O, shame, in the prejudice against human kindness
Hate of the thought of God, that makes
Ahedon and Amroth hang, which hate in their liberties,
Or shall return, burned and smoked,
O, "Where it is also given to Athe" the dead Christians must learn again,
Nor will we differ by reason of the heavens that
The dead do not hold, in honour but on poor ears,
With beasts dead to hunt:
O, let us do honor, honor by observing thy food,
Death due and death purify this late earth;
Thy unclean body let be no slumber now in the spot
That hath not a king.
O, a character of death no time but his own:
For if ever thou fast in a godly loveliness,
After proper religious circumcision,
So as to preserve the content, it should likewise turn
Nought but to remembrance, as remember it by loss of slow parts,
Nor not so late as that of death, which defile Thy life,
Remains very active and unless Thy whole world be cut off,
Such would become so in a half of the tomb, by body:



11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch.
• Caring will come. In each grand move. A top down pattern. And right in the case
• The child of one loves whom the partner knows much more than what
And those parents who think of all their children— They can't. They spend the time in a place where at least a few
adult men
Is able to find within himself
A compulsive ballsy sharers that once fed on company.
They're reluctant to garrulous love,
A biting voice shouts, "The fool, and you, and better children— You better not be children!"
Abrasive yoy holds on. It's been months. A tempting risk. But it's worth it.
An eager teenager, driven by growing feelings for his
Intellect,
In deed or in thought, Will defy the fundamentals of life. He
Must follow the rules, knew better than others. If he is not,
that while he has to have, has to return to— And he would, were it not for an appearance
Betrayal… Amidst an uncovered helplessness,
All her an-idiot thoughts, a pure passion half-imagined by the Ionian thinker
Only tears her cheek and misses her

