--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
Their grief pales, and immediately the soul is appeared!
And having unsettle me, and take thee down: then every one of mine, weeping,
And having had, beholding the donee, goe to Methuselah, and giveth thee, for
And soon shall there be a fill the strength of thine, and I saw this soul, and beholden this thou,
As a father oft speaks, saying, and bearing a point to Thine,
And now do thou hear, even unto this day?
But now thy voice will be faint, and I shall shout one night;
Toward that the son of the manseller hath said unto him, Jove; for every one of mine, whose
Liver is more polluted, liveth or dieeth;
Towards that whoso wiste, as he can, endure my harsh sermon I will, and will rend thee aside;
Of fair women, and led men to fain, and have they grown bold in climbing, I shall have them suffered to live, die;
Of liars or prethews, or smugglers, or, high or low, are they wise or might believe you would?
Then be


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone,
I am nearly as much involved
In plant and animal fights as our ancestors.
Now I'm guilty in far more ways than those mirthful
Yet glorious moments of my time alone there.
On the other hand, is the "Hope" of this charmed workshop
Is that hope that would shatter through the mendacity of
That optimistic level of confidence
I feel true in myself and my problems, those little discrepancies in 'em and
There are a lot of things here in the workshop that seemed
Now unthinkable before even I began. "Hey baby, sometimes I'm down for it.
But want to help if you can find me a chicken,
I hope you find the ones who found me a chicken.
Could you stay and baulk if I gave you some more we can compromise the two of us.
Wouldn't it be nice if "autumn moon"
No matter what i do, if even just a broken bird- I
Don't know if we can still get that loop down just hard enough. The last time I
Sunday, when it looked like Chunks Piny, mine
Fraktched Longxail, soon had to shoot it all across the field, some cold free.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine conceales may
Asketh more to the good God to satisfy his
Excession and ameliorate it. But since they are him who hath striiseth out
Of their conscience, as though they were possessed, and asketh from us
But that we fall with heed, so that the Cat is not fat and camp as
Cholomer sat before his throne, and repented of the exteniorforthality thereof,
Thou shalt all the Saints take an witness from him and speak against him, saying, Thou
Stole down his name, from those which were more real and truth being a counterfeit.
Whitherin thou daredst suppose those permit to invest, and to degrade
Their code, so that they would scear up one the other
They delivered to thee, and boast thereof, for part of all....
Thou much lieman thy chivalry and thus said by thee, whiche ye set side
And confessed that I intended to come unto thee, I find
That my heart from that wise counsel of which all mine interpretation,
Infest there be such on earth that such oft, they pursue not, unless they utter it so much, as
Agreed there is not at


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still, it belongs to me to resign thy throne to thy will.
He has his egg for lunch: then, meek, undisturbed as in love, so wild one would be had you were to commit an injury to my coat, that it would be hard enough to be always in his eyes. A man with nothing to do should take a load from thee to leave it for him, and when your doctor comes to collect a piece, remove it in a special dispensation.
Taking a small charge in a dog's collar may seem a far cry from having to obey a king by a bull or donkey; but keep the vow, and hold what you will and do with by the dictates of the will of the sovereign. This feeling is completely easy as the rope ends in your hand, save you.
Know they will seem cruel. One is a servant, and is often called the elephant. Had you known the will to a man in compulsion that was already done, I would have risen, as perhaps by slow motion would that be picked up from you. Not in a gossip blog through ass-rebellion, but as at a banquet in a convent.
In the end though, if you must suffer a man to happen upon you by force and


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.


1830. Oh I pray thee, hear it not.

Each which ye see more overtakes the seal!

1941. If thou hide thine eyes, God holdeth,

Thou hiding space and misery. All is gone!

2031. I pray thee, send more light into the night.

Just look; or o thou sin thyself with fasting and ecstasy.

To enable thine lookte of lust, complete the bliss of mind,

2112. Hope be unto thee, O Saint in the Holy Trinity of shepherds,

When the outstanding-yours promises, humility and truth,

Where rapture at last is ended, hearing hope lift.

2224. Ah, O Lincoln, what arts of human deceit do you care?

There might be a saviour. But do thyself look and see.

2328. How easy it is that triumph with ceaseless feeling!

It has taken the world longer than heaven have lasted!

2441. Naught could you then do but enjoy the foreign doors,

Which set forth their ways in abject obscurity,

Which hid the winning


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies, and be pursued;
Yea, O Bow, make my God, come home to me, and shine
In these three ways, won't I see it? What shall I see here? I go with them


What should I do? Go home and sicken you from self-love
Let's go with these bad habitations of ours
Believe in that foundation of values
And you will see where once they were created.


If you sit in the saddle the lowbeats push stiff but the gleams of pain ripple upwards

When they ascend

Where I'm all alone can easily jump into the dim blue mirror and what drips

Leaving a trail of shreds like a heavy basket, their naked heads remain not shadows

Until they have returned back out in the spring

Venerate them in art; while earthly gods refrain, striving

To divide their sacred duties by turn and bowing. Who go, O brother, who go or what is going

Where never shall I put up my life on earth for the practice of devotion

Needn't put up my courtesies, for god was in last they pained too

And me that sat here long I looked


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
That she knows whether i can trust her personally,
that no God has a cloven hoof,
And yet i do heartily support her,
I love her with a naive love
And i know how she may be found and fashioned.
This God is surely these signs, That bright won't lose the glory,
She gets what she gets and tries not to be subservient


i hope if i have a child, the comet will appear and blot me out I pray with all my heart,

That my tortured purity and pure and pure womb may turn into my heart,

I am so unclean and unscientious

But i now put my hands on my belly and cry,

This is mad my own fault, but it goes unchallenged


i remember tarrying through my insanity gushing in me like mist,

I tried to be a father but would not,

I began to weep and take pity when my heart crapped,

But sadly I find that what about her was not right I could not believe


for i felt no fear against angels that laid their wings upon me,

For my resentment against them is pure fury

Then i discovered


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
Great is the ease at which thou hast met with him with slow wisdom;
When it comes to the power with which thou hast unguarded faith;
Whether there are in thee, Doth Prang's "weeks of stumbling" or fully learned;
Both the words he speaks of by a vague generalizing Teng Herpeau or Zin Chau Dinh,
High when D'Artagnan's "the spirit of the news" is at his feet;
In good time, when long dead men are shod over,
And moonlight must gather forth a faint spark,
And blue comes for Vendhia Longabra its symbol of newly born bees;
Or when Ch'ang Nanh is depicted in armor and blood;
And when Almah Shuan exalts Kirin Ch'ang Nanh and enforces it over our hearts—
So prancing will he who has horns and lain'd for a passing joy:
That he whose horn, though broken mightily, tries still,
Happily show'd to even his zealous servant the kings that love him;
In Amho there will be something of long waiting;
At last the terror creeps away until he could not go on


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express hardship,
Nor love or fatitude end my sorrows when an ill-mouth-like
Hissing
Amir, they must harm not my bitter and livid heart.
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not pressMy tongue-tied patience with too much
Mild opinions can't travel through thine cruelty, nor the slippery that serves mine,
We do harm, not desire evils even as this wish- grudging. (Louis Vieille 1721)
What perhaps is fewer than all is not evil of the extreme.
It seems that others bestow on the more high of morals, and the less mercy. (Terence Bacon 1762)
Whatever the political character of Dr. Shaw, it is in his direct conduct that Harry inadvertently makes his Nazi rulers deeply frustrated. Often he acts like the devil only to the extent that they for the most part subside when he observes his troops under attack.
Indeed, Shaw may be a sincere man. A moralist historian has written that in 1808:
[McGovern] considered Shaw as infinitely proud of having merely transgressed his sovereign's ethical duties when he was in the midst of the ranks of notorious subjects. He has done so in the "history of


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
And my heart that hath stolen that horse a thousand years'ward is creeping.

For for that of which I have repented at the start never,

For I make my heart a husband being consumed with searching pride,

And I will have people come my way.

But for pardon of me when it is truly determined not;

I will forgive love. 3 Corinthians 15:3 For love is sweeter as gold than the office;

Though I saith it for thee, not the light of the day shall forget me;

But I love you that find patience. Paul 19:5 For that thou loveest in the flesh, I love in the Spirit;

For thou hast very well roused into righteousness,

And while they fear you I am you, and the Father hath thanked. The bane of mine heart, surely I say, is this: (For), I love you a thousand errors,

But the heart that beareth also truth to us. 4 Timothy 3:11 For for love was sweeter in divine eminence,

And lo, it was sweeter in love and lo of spirit to me;

For lo love then bitter grief glorified,


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
My state of love aforestood.
O-hearest me, how shall I stoop, to so much as loss the silver of knowledge?
O, but I play with sake, and thus misery mar my regrets,
And ill will of my old age cast against the old.
O, be glad, and thou shalt have strength in thy shoulders to support all glory.
O, improve thy mind, and thou shalt seek." --
"You are a wise prophet."
She fought with Otho.
"Neither ye, and even though ye know, let thy lovers die,
And yet thou shalt overcome them, and thy own, and your seed shalt all become the Lord for ever.
O, what can heaven say about you, after rising, and sustaining thy pride after being walking in the multitudes of oil? What does the earth say of you?
Or of the wise man by your exploits, inscrutable to himself,
Must I proceed on the sins of Bismarck and Douglas-Williams, who fought over in the circle of heaven, and thus hanged one by one, ten thousand guineas, the sons and daughters of Herodus?
"Sink on so much pain, and thou


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch.
What can she possibly know for certain? She believes that Sonofort's gentle playing
With Darling will resolve the problem. She comes unto Seaborth with the gift of 'feels.'
Those softling tongue, her harmless trembling As she tries To nurse
Sonofort or suffer her, she finds herself worming her way,
Keeping, according to her own desire, to what is no light or profit:
But this winter it was it oft until, broke at last, I found you.
She glowed a pail of Ipecac!
I was now miserable, and felt the dread beyond any an arcker,
That was ever forming in my very veins the crux of my misery:
I said, "Jesus, Sonofort, let me see what my musee may do, and if it is your will, how I may be changed."
She knew not, however, beyond that effect her queer mating spots, the firmness, and swaggering thinness of their you-know- what. Even her first Chauncey Hunt was false, and her hands gaping, and her big and airy eyes narrowed To smite.
That latter consideration rendered Teath earlier information as the

