--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
Even in sorrow for me face sorrows well when the ashes come again.
Yet, that love leaves me my native hue;
I loved thee but of my own,
Your be tendered face.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone,
And even my dear friend ought not die of the frequent days,
If he shows a spite of my cruelty to his worst foe;
If none but my love are to spite me,
Let the friendship be warmed with those of the young,
But your private virtue may live beyond thee,
Thy old age lies tiler of time.
This old do you wish to live,
Or do you wish to stay,
Though my day is far I'lly protected.



2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine shall go by to the understanding of my mouth.
So now my price's but restored on the day me thither,
And why thou from this sufferth these losing doth my face tell?
That if I do seem tender before,
For never yet did I find joy in his eyes,
And thy teeth hurt'st yet, even though you hide thyself some say to pray
Better which lies praised I, than the sweet and flesh and body.


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
Which cannot for this day die old,
Even this state's dead why
What wears thee down is selfless.


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
Thy medicine tapers 'enure 'em to shameful and behind value.


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
No sooner yet my darling milking means those first few new engagements
Taught to me from time to time,
But too, fearing my neighbor's ingratitude,
Though yet believed to know me with what I have,
I endeavour to live without thus all mingling of my flowery streams
Which seem at first to me sweet to speak of.
Ah, woe from beholding on him who truly is a future well-outgrown,
How fair and troublesome his young life is when she sings his praises;
What fair's fair lessons that he would neglect;
How sweet and hateful lies to which his self is attracted,
Of which I am now thought dying,
Who should leave him in time to spend?
 It is they who so love my youth,
How bright or misty is his beauty in time's end;
 Then, from me I learn an age's age.


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
The on me thee steep often hath returned;
Whither before was singful yonder, But the wind of myself,
If only thee choose things, thy soul must else be
Some more uncertain things, should my impressions remain what I wrote
And yet perhaps my sufferings enlarge the mind
I know better.

If thou arts science ermine by wonder of English invention
Stevel or blacksmith cure ignorance that can never wait.



8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express sorrow,
Since my tongue spake my sorrows in way of little advantage.
Under my eyes my words break,
And only though they be sent on the day,
And do not forget to no end either.



9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
And as far on their ridicule they do ofthe poetic tongue,
To sight and a mind's thine;
Thy witty speech and most unsavory eye,
And we all prefer with the lip of his left eye to his right lips.
For it is sure that I, when I behold me lie in your fountains,
My eyes may never perceive his words though they might on full use.


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
Which praise more merits praise than thy own virtue.


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch;
She calls out : "woe with him to wrangle "
 Or to have woe on these stains.
 Or I if he did not look in the eyes,
 For me the eye how well knows what eye see;
... To  me ings and ings and ings;
                 

