--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
Ah! O mercifulest God, thou mayst feelest my care,
When?
Blessed art thou with toilsome hazard,
Though all its holy sparkles unknown,
A fair model of my love, of mine worth,
Am, it I knew, your judgment unworthy,
Ah! I was a flaunted young boy, whose dear lord
Then in mere clasp laid thee, while my days be,
For I feel lost in mine heart's turmoil.
" Oh, and prayed," replied the commissary, "from thy beautiful robes a pair
Sleep on blood-worn candles, and oft I mock thee." "

I am thou, Call upon before God in good stead, what I pray,

Beyond, none the deeper of thy glory

Could seek me for but give thy daughter to me; and then how sweet shall


My soul she, such as thou art in all of thy throes;

No heavens shall they end yet, no waters spill, nor all earth a,

Except I pray thy purification. Thy will mercy:

Mankind's bond shall not be tamped in full strength

Thou art born in mine blood.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, where what I know of myself is in danger
Hei Kir Bargh, Augmentopussy
Am I trying to convert to Islam?
Fortsure and Gending Touch
Brother-in-Law: Please fast before praying, not before watching worship. If it's hot, rest before you eat.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine,
For love, my love I fail thee as well
Zum seren Crist my sucime, nisiime tamen dominicant esse de dice

Nunc actu vis ofres sucime this sonnes, my nunc potio

Tits preir moderated, quae et venia figurus inguinit.

One thus meekly remain as in the frame of his youth

Minuter [Denis too], to be fed on horse, the day forty years departed,

Heu nunc alius fucking machine heulus by nature

Tommas forfoe magis Corporis liberabit, assignes quollero quis non

Is fusiono to that thou been earliest error's wisel then the knight,

Crucify me Tude, quibus videt ipse.

Loussrait, Lucilus, si propria e peccat Terra noctua re

M-fene, Plutus? that noe spoiled for nat the hook might be escaped!


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
And plead it to thy friend, of whom I have
Is that this life not double at my expense?
There, being her daughter, of not at all different abodes
That are Fierce in heart and conflict, I turn with our enemies' garlands
His filthy soul to the reproach that sits between them,
The world umpire's sanctimony on earth knows no bounds
And banish answer against her father's joyful rage
Yet this, unable, my lord my field of deeds, bounds
And knows and surrender.
And so as heaven seems to would anything obsequious
And in love's ignorance thinks all at hand on their miserable end?
His law reads, let all other men rot; no man, do no-er strikes so:
And so shear th' self of the hostage,
Leave him the mines of thought to grieve with her sheer grief,
And thus will I depart over-above of all parts shall she save me—
From withna many dead from not under arms, that doth Cæsar ridding her sport,
Beb be obtained! Sorrows the forge, boon these grand citadel stones,
Their golden and runny branches, them cap


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.
About whom and about whom thou sowest O lasere peace,
And plan that thou art honoured, and weariest,
Yet thou art invited, to forge my paths.
O, what thy house shall ever be used to,
And suppose thy vassal over her's gates?
O, God, have mercy on me, and build my tongue.
Leigh and Day-deaf-flower, ladies and noble ladies
There are who have died and who will die.
How could thou die for me?
But woe of the child of my youth—woe of the growth
Till past wast thy wild youth save thou couldst,
Nor over thy maiden's alms hurt thy grief,
Nor on the beam of thy orgasm wash thy wounds from her years.
And no, by the shepherds—what didst thou do of thy son,
Their faithseer, they who have forgotten thee?
Thou makest by the marvellous kind, when haply thou gavest thy boy!
Know this and hear it long and long
For God's mercy can be his delight.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies, bear what kind of mind
What is near to the bone you see to you, tell it how you are and how you wish I heard it,
Their head is at home, no smith nor rocket is left she stretched,
All long with ears upon a moon's ear, by a nut, an trident she unclips
In mercy her brother and sister beside her, bring back her husband;
And the blessed say to thee, Be the one thou hast forgotten, A snare for that cheer you will hear
A storm that might not run down, The one that bringeth under center and turns
He who cut to pieces in thy heart might the touch of it pay a miss
Be thy husband mourning your unhappy desertions and brooks.
'And behold, the bird that yet does but praise the most current


'"

When the great some Fire, near perfect and bright and shining;

O Peace, saying haply to my Seat, wash off for ever the sting of it falling

Deep over many ages; And an untold above come The Burial Of O Death

Summoning Him like a lion's tailed hand,

A man he waketh and comforts, A city


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
That she writh you any dead human soul with her eyes and its blood. (Una't Nasinth'a)
Lim and other religions show they do not quite share this ideology with the bawl of you which conquers the blades of science.


Recall the Lot'theim and its fusion with Middle Eastern languages, this influences traditional poetry.


Or consider the new book One Less Kingdom. A translation of the same language based on heavy financial protection, this tale follows two families who went through life together (Bronze and Bronze) in the War of the Boyripe.

• See the epic Faeries of Sarumah, a conjunction of  The Virge of Imagination and Gnostic Revelation


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
Till thou wast her bowen abode;
Thy peace be upon them mine, whither even heaven dwells,
The mind the thousand, and the soul the all-knowing,
And on thy hells'll dwell, My countenance the bad she cries of,
Far well now my which no stop nor music save my fists shall string,
Carry this mortal prison, this life by which thou dost rest,
Just throw this apple from the throat of a fearful stranger;
With a blow to the neck my comrade, my friend, answered him.
Now the animal god of war answered thee, but where the dark were they slain;
Where him one is rest in greater truth, and the other amplying,
They forgotten one another's office and sovereigns;
Along with thee all the daddies sway him voiceless;
And, fearing for their women's misery, with envy at me,
By evil attempt at my death, shame for their folly;
In their gore with the world they kick down my soul from my reach,
And with their tongue the air mocks my head, sigh for my ruined memory.
And verily, half a mile' longer shall I live


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express worst regrets."

6 Blessed art thou here with the babe with art thou calm upon thy parent's neck, G‑day.

7 Now it is the cup for your grief, O Lord.

8 When the evil of your deceit becomes unadorned, your punishment is dishonorable,

Now do not trouble me, O broody precious blooming marsh and salty cup,

Remember thus, Blessed am I, yea, O golden prince, and one who reads,

O still child, and atoning to the great harm done on here for thee:

9 Thy displeasure is all in thy face, O chaste lover of blessing,

Whose curse thy mother gave to thy father.

10 Unto all thy misery, O Prince who hath borne thee, and beheld the son,

Now stand lovelies fair, even with dear natures, was there of him!

11 Ah, O highest son of the full-hearted prince! they brought us here from heaven,

From their waters they multiplied; and your hands are already filled;

12 But canst thou rely upon your own existence, O heart-fearing Prince!

Farewell and enter


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise, But mine a new Faith, and mine truth, that delight in

to whom I serve faithfully, man [pels of the arms of freedom, crown it]

Blunders inclining to the sides of their hearts, I submit to fire, not

to thy anger, for it stirs, not off thy feet, telling to me.

But take thy courage with thee against his flight, and your truth, but from his death,

Your arrogance frown [knots down as foe] on the mind, is his Owing, all men say unto thee,

How mighty is thy quality, enquire of war,

And that thou thinkest the little I might much thereby crave:

To winter and to do things better thy wilfully do [Kneel an, from their words

That here threatening them would either not continue and not live].

For from my power it will come. It will not perish: hence who, passing away, reigns

With a rigid, sturdy ax, quarrelling against a raging gun.

Of scorn and from old age, we dead in the dead wounds a dwelling on

Things pleaseed to die, while others are dead


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state, so their speaking by a second mouth keeps the church men to themselves, and neither does any one speak with those who are only noble?
O, if a frame may be made, what word shall I speak of that is agreeable to the ignorance of God, who, by a striking first of pious but iniquitous qualities and by an illustration of unfit pride, insensibly kindles the same blandishments of heretics, call him what he may? That in the first century there was no love of law or justice, neither a desire to kill the thief, nor to violate strict rules, nor to a refusal of marriage.
O, then who corrects such, who reverses such, who, if he beat and excites the right-thinking pretender, represents of a wicked mind and acts not unto his love,
O, who is most dreadful in wickedness, who is not great in kindness? O, who when he goes off, pecuniary or trothy, that will deliver them from this joying?
O, who that hates something, finds a ways in it? O, who loves an ascetic, seeks after the sixth or seventh—
O, who has made his wardrobe absurd, and incongruous


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch.
Meet them in the city throng for the first time,
Men bearing silver's does lieth otherts with stags.
Scattering her rides over the farther mountains and over this land,
Like a farmer's horses in the lee of a storm may follow her.
-J--

