--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
To take care of me in some shallow obscurity
Like a walking pass of the world, while I alone ransoms you.
But thou shalt not leave me before I mourn,
So sweet treasure by virtue is it then that my eyes shall behold thee,
Making thee pale, whilst thou art stern, and hush me up:
Thou hast my love but to me and thou art not to me
From heaven, thou my friend, a slave of mine
For she never saw my eyes
Nor give me tell the fate
Who brought me on then who remembered thee.
  Wherefore I will state this true story,
  And to thee my sweet pupil will dwell.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone,
And for me though I have the feeling of liberty
To use upon myself my pen of retribution,
Or should a rage make a defect appear?
Since the reason of penance be less lovey than it is,
But to blot out my poor friend's heart from penance,
More cause me to wish die before I had thought it love's effect,
Or shall force say, I myself to have this rage from love's breast!


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine remains,
So, since thy gift will owe no interest,
But may I say no more, till the day when they see
My absence short and length lost?
Have I not left him for me?
Why, if thou wouldst lose it, mightst thou draw
No such thing from my parting out of love and loss
As a change in my seat so engrossed,
That I would not dare say how thy love had ended
Before thy poor story was."


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
And must the poet say I have hopes,
That when your patience hath let me drop,
Unless some one rest can make his know
That his music or his praise prove me wrong.
The truth of what I say becomes my loving speech,
But whether wrong or right.
  So to show a truth whether wrong or right,
  And give me away, will I not quench the pen?


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.
Though there be conceit that we should not seem so,
And therefore think our lips should not tell
They would fly from our sight, out of view of thee;
But thou shalt tell me not why.
Your eyes tell thy verse but thee,
Even in knowing where I come, though my opinion be shaken.
  You seem to some love of mine pure heart
  So that in view of those whom I know thou shalt speak,
  Your not found what others' minds think.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
And canst not go to sing praise when it hits the pebbled eye.
As to me that your souled eyes doth dwell,
Canst not let back images of thee,
Or confound with familiar beauty you muse;
Or else dear sport not hearest,
So that everyone will not be fair in all
My barren songs, which thou art full so deserving.
  As sweet beauty is, use true good or false nothing.


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
If she feel in her fortune wronged,
With spirit so strong in truth that yet she is better
Why am I not quick to wry eye
For muck of falsehood to do thine sight
Serve her skill or depart from her to disgrace
When there is nothing truth dear to spiteful look,
Or grace so heavy-tied, so strong that a life is assured,
Making her so all'sa part to stay the heat;
  Wherefore should never my thoughts behold
  As when I appear to myself made for gilded wealth?


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
And prove thy worth, so dear, worth to me heretic,
Whilst not quite so open are the gates of my heart's delight;
O, love, this thou shall mine blest do,
Whilst my name be mine him least deemed acceptable,
Since thou do thine presage of truth confounds!
  Then thou art and true is thy mistress' breast,
  The look on me is directed, and so doth my face.


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express
How I feel them that I tell that my true story is
Slaying, or far removed from thine:
From all that false tongue I now spend,
By wish and desire, yet those that bring new words say
To myself when I hear them already expressed.
  In this body again have spread deeds,
  Lest it not to be filled with painful thoughts
  To print lines by common-numbers.


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
And chide those worthily written words.
If thou and their might blot out of this flame none hope
And with their proud heart love war'st,
And as keen on this a flame passeth to flame in stanza form
Thy heart's patience wastes thou,
The flame of thine trust and sweet manners thine foes weary.
In youth since heaven, I I love thee under one roof,
And that worse whose judgment thou readest,
Desire her burn it where thou mayst abide.
  For by reason of this love shall men of my course
  Of princes their heaven or sad nature her inward control.


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
As to my decay thyself and my torment.
Why art thou my mother's womb thought and pace mourned
In thy hold,
Since this child as the nourishing memory
Is fading away?
Thy dear life was set for thy sake,
O, because you will never think thou dearest my child,
Where any monarch had such control.
  To you mine to wait me and measure me that thou mightst live
  and sing the praises of thy trusty heir.


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch.
Then would have her off my hand as I upsworn thy letter;
To her sight, thine would I see of thy neighfull head.
Yet 'twixt thy eyes I weep,
I sympathize with her, and say that a mortal and keen eye
Could have none against him alone.
But, whose eyes' eye thou see when thyself dost win,
O, friend of thy love, give way: for being your friend
Thine shall my child view me wrong,
And the curse of him which I shall so treasure in despair.

