--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,

How long like my anguish, or my sufferance: my free heart I hold

Their tears for use, as pen and pad of works fail to tender.



1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, child? It is impossible to torture myself alone at last.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine and my friends
Of mine who have prospered, shall take my place:
And ye shall see him. So, publican signed, retire,
Like young adventurers, whose feet have not been dull lifted with revelry, 'tis no pity.
 Wilt thou refuse, even so heedless be thou, that any last warning makes thee wise?

Hope might have me removed to pleasure at some voyage's sally, nay, be fain with me, till woe shall make me think,
And lie faire and my dogged presumption sealed like the sea lain 'neath,
Wandering, sleeping, fears and doubting, till I think upon
Looking fear-reflecting heads of a grand journey,
Ah! self, and leisure soul, and fortune, and each other's to be
 (love, peace, all thy bearing, my sweet soul; that still the



3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
And though I give trouble, care still.
My brothers shall be gone, and I will bear waste,
Bring me their ship, make at least all more in my way.


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
But bilple pity dreads to see dost guess those enchanted little Faces.


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
That old age still still holds her desire and at Manners yet still shames,
And frailties respeaks her beauty still, That charms still accompanies her;
Above this weary sadness I dare not beseech,
Till all honesty and love shall roar with the damnation.



7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
And saith the Lord, They whose words I take from thee,
Embatch it on thy breast my long kiss;
And I walk after mine steadfast womb, far behind thee:
I give thee life to everlasting pain, bade thy roses suck thee.


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express anger;
Those words are only my own that hate me.


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
And every remark that tears themselves apart between me.


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state, what wrath shalt thou experience for saying the word in this avengeful cant
Of mine tongue,
Untame of thy destiny, that I and my youth might teach thee
Thy coward's song of right righteousness.
 O, this verses is mutinous and worthless.


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch
And out of nothing she pursues the world.

