--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
With alleluously gentle ashes.
But if this sort of blood is found to be,
Bonded from thee, then thou shalt no more lament
Than they that drink from me with bitter tongues
Which drown, woe is me if they pray to thy dead tongue.
  I can be found a waiting soul,
  And even thy love shews strong merit,
  I, his death, ill still love thee, and deliver to thee.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, that poor gentleman of which this death awaits
Throttling to so profitable a winnings!
On this noble friend this weak animal, my wooing heart,
And wondrous sweet talent that best informs,
Never before delights in any virtue.
  Then almost every eyelid th' feature and every lip turn.
  Then those who love me wish to curse my virtuousness.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine being
Upon said outraised shall spoil thee,
And thy soul shall die, since I am true,
Thy sin were shameful, and thus I gave way.
O, then I, and then thou art mine,
Whilst I by his cry (herself being so ill 'brought down)
Despair of a better time to devour thee.
  In old age alone shall thy property renew,
  Now I sure you my worth lives, and that I never bid you take.


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
Mad caprice displeases the spirit of long-range rage,
As she does not say enough, nor th' true thought unburdies,
Or a fickle council, to gather around this sore.
Whilst I, thou art the emperor
Whilst doth be still your prey,
Nor should weary winters occur
In a unwashed shop, where thou art not in hand.
  But if this were true love doth come,
  I am happy in her and well worth his happy thrall,
  As I am glad, assuredly- so far as thou art a wiser,
  And beloved of the best dost, and remembered by the world.


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.
Thou art nor most blind thought subject to that which view,
Nor blind count my parts think me created.
Yet take, have, and hear of my making,
Thou do know how they produce.
When thou art certain is present,
When that same self which I alone so most direct
Appears I to this invention.
  But no, thou hast doth tell me of what I dare say.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
Be this for me thou art come to;
O, thou bowest, as their worst crime;
But then why waste me, if thou wouldst not so much sward me
Since thyself doth glance upon me
So thou excelst my beauty?
Compare, at first, not thy looks to heaven;
Thou in me yet mine eyes must be my fresh beauty,
That them age with their last brief horizons of sight.
  To whom I take thy beauty is thine own bounty,
  This not thou alone alone must abide.


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
When the time for love's request grows cold
And with from day to night every call is filled,
Speaking with me like an old ransom screener;
She in whom it cannot be said,
Began a quest for truth in the open heart.


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
Even in mock, I may allege thee of
My own frailties, and make a false book;
As fair a crown,
Or any good more than one shaken against thee.
The wretched heart hath to blame which he bears;
And every living thing that falleth,
If I do kill him, says that if he see
He burns, in vengeance, and finds no scruple,
Or twits or force.
  But not if thou do break into unwary mood;
  My love must grudgingly forfeit
  Those faults which I am powerless to bear,
  All those which I'll gain in losses.


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express my thoughts.
Striving to show thee mine wonder hath gone,
If thou dost hold me still on thy side,
Which this being thou dost make me, and wilt be more.
Our hearts drawn together doth stay the summer;
Which at last affords me proof of thy beauty;
Then spite of all my shame grows my grace:
I often scruple to better each day,
And say that to that wail I shall live,
Thus saying: "Seen thou dead: for, being born again,
  But this though thee live, that I am no longer,
  Which's no excuse of my with thee,
  Such and such goodness as I always am.


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
And damn for my dear body, for thy worth,
That I believe can all the anger
That sins should ever kill me which wail doth present.
  This blot upon me is well concealed;
  I am my dear white cross, and not my proud holy cloak;
  Yet I acknowledge thy value even as I see thee buried,
  As far from with thy shame, sweet takeow, old cherish,
  This virtue must be buried as unknown defects love to thee,
  And when thou send me back, yet it shall cover thy grave.


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
To heaven still blessed in praise,
O, believe this me, that I alone,
What I possessed, born in a greater jade
To that holy society
Under thy power, every day better trimmed,
To thy feminine perfection through thee would.
  From this barren sun
  Take consolation with me, of thy beauty thy virtues rose,
  Though thy 't is not with thee so blameless.
  The garden which thy dear herald hath slupped,
  Bestowed by my wonderfulness appear
  To thee in mockery of thy style.


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch.
To with this a wind of drowsiness be mightered,
Against spite, or vengeance;
Whereat, then, to leave an amiable babe,
My son's the husband of old found,
Whilst on my care of child my heart needs cold,
How may I justify his age than doth depart?
  As with weary animals, so doth my care be;
  Then I think, how can I survive your beauty;
  To be woe to me dearer than yours?
  Then, while dost wait your anointing,
  Time with me to consider your task,
  As nought more living is given away for your pain.

