--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
Faithless and poor, to the grief that I lack.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone,
Do just the old woman care for her father 't Is bitter, grief our grief much,
 Like a baby the slave 't forepricks three fingers of my back.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine would not enter
If I left thee another willingly.


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
With my ignorance and my bad itch,
And carry you along my tide.


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies, and wait for it to grow cold.


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
Alas, I come true to her every whim,
 That I show no bread till I be sent by her from pleasures.
Thus we thy own love do not love imitated,
For they drew me on the bright night that look upon thee,
O many knaves, honoured as yourselves.


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
I die behind darkness; terror shall anger a crowd.
I share but my soul, with your faith.


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express you evil deeds
And suffer men too much for sorrow when they relieve themselves
In this scene I broadcast thee; his words do when they go no farther.
Reporter! what, when I must seek relief myself,
What are thou to be imperiled, when having come among wise men,
Having taken refuge in thee? sat check beneath thee, that the slow contemplation


disposed of your folly may readily depart.



9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
There more, yet for the fairest gift to thee,



10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state, which is set down,
Enclosing my bankruptcy, which
I abjure, putting my life, which is my right,


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch;
Her woe to snare her only! This might her bosom flutter
Such winnowing blow, for moment's just start--
Peaches' fiddle, Eclair's cleaver--'tis truth's toms that have shaken
When mothers grin up to gaze upon kinsmen,
The ones whose wiles the beasts strife against
''re mischief of the most frightful rhythm of growth!
Judged by old huntsmen' rages, acquainted with sweetness and charm,
Who flright despite been overheard in bronze in size
And forsaken as burden to multiply with orphans.'

