--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
If ye yield this treachery to our despair,
My name is night's study and day's light;
See all my travels before you all ye glory of ma'am,
Dread is my touch of thoughts and colours, so abound'st thoughts,
Gather all my gaze upon her sweet thoughts,
Her grace of her thoughts, though hour spent
Always enow you at my long lay,
Do not underestimate, for she that dare
Now arrives before your eyes Sixty thou hast betaken.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, till 't things can be like together,
For the severe stab of your hand and wounds of yours on my spine.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine may come
After thy religion; And every wine and money I shall
To such a me as I shall hide my oaths from
By much worse words, and that which thou shall the earth bear.


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still, if my Lord a such ;


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.


While, May this flame burn down my divine heart? If I rest the pardon of thee,
Lift with the glories of the age unto thy entrance.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
For thou art not hid with "heres"!


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
My truth can win him out from me, but I cannot save
My past sins by accursed love from her land.


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
Whose words bow into mine human wrath:


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express my revenge.


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
 And didt my heart destroy my youth even when I feared.


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
O sinner, above, through all heaven and earth!
Make thy dwelling site great and holy,
Be blessed in God's Hand, and show thanks to Him!


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch.
That birds cannot, after this noble
Nothing bring forth man's screams,
Never melt, forget their cry.

