--Generated Sonnets-- 


0
Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
Have put on black, and loving mourners be,
With handfuls of slack years with black broodnings;
My eyes meet, my bosoms that have forever frozen,
But live, unending, their impassive glories,
Spins blood where bowdown forever wedded,
Yet kiss the inside of what was sweet,
Of each heart and soul; yet sweetness belongs to their life.


1
Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
For that deep wound it gives my friend and me.
Is 't not enough to torture me alone, had I run
And make my beloved dargent commit not with such earnest bitterness
Me to see the life which he destined
But better brother rejoices.


2
So, now I have confessed that he is thine
And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,
Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine will yet own.


3
Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy will,
And will to boot, and will in overplus.
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
As soon I kill her. Oh, my rageful heart! What indignity this man hath!
Yet lay hold of thy breast
When thy crown broke thine eyes, thy grief high may be!
 I must return thee to thy half-daughters.
Yet, love's lust keeps on sure offense.


4
If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy will,
And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there.
The chief Chastiser, et name of thy scripture,
Talks of no face but thy thoughts,
There does my worth hurt thy little life,
And, hil' veard self vain scorn,
Who shalt leave 'tis all shy me now;
And peace hath beauty in leaves long forgotten,
And the confident pride rest doth beautifully live.


5
Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes
That they behold and see not what they see?
They know what beauty is, see where it lies, and despise
Eart of heaven,' all this blessing of ours,
That they do not see what they can't see,
They know nothing, but leave no inscription hereon
Like a fine blazon, at their own abodes;
That which they name life itself,
What they hate not, but yet all that I say
They say, 'Make away peace with women.'
When they see that my name says beauty,
Which was ever most beautiful,
And adorned with works of gladness,


6
When my love swears that she is made of truth
I do believe her though I know she lies,
That she might think me some untutored youth,
That, if I could tell the tale of my fears,
That she would remove all deceitfulness
To the point where I used to hide
By echos green and crushed promises.


7
O, call not me to justify the wrong
That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;
Doth I stand a stupor whose hand:
My beloved and mild poison
Upon whom death perfumes thee as night lies.
Lit thy countenance with its cutting tick of blood.


8
Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,
Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express my worst sentiments
Esteem prettily stifling.


There is sin against the world: grief mine time demands,
Wherewith my blood-thirstiness pays.


So do I look upon thee with disgust,
It is my love's anger that I seek to reproach thee:
Here be beauties of love to love the outside matter,
Fear not, for he who knows man hides neither.


O what small wish do thy eyes adore,! utter My glories of light!
That who leaves
That which desired man in the sight
Would eat thee when she lived so many years.


Who, as a queen can teach her from among stars
Which little beauty gives to go to sleep,
And go too weary to fan thy youth while preserving
Sure love from memory's decay?
So let love weep for thee in thy heart;
 But, instead of weeping, mourn for thy womb's ashes.


9
In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
And not that they would abandon me;


10
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
Where a boundless call looks on;
Where thy pride is bereft, and thy beauty.
Till thou my spirit be mingled with every burning rest,
Nor a loving love rouses thee to thy neglect,
Yet, leaving it alone, suffer thou to burden me in mine fear.
So, as they have forgot, there are ends too,
O, where love is thought of in all,
Until my sorrow is left with thee, not there,
Proud faces slain with thee.


11
Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch
One of her feathered creatures broke away,
Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch
Sailing south on side of it in heaven.
Flattered by the vast hazards,
The hardest strangled woe of wild land shall not rest.
Strike a mortal foe in the face
Within carefully closed fields;
Whose trifling equipment now can fall,
That vermin will be tripping into the foul soil.

